# applications4coachV
ob Status,Job Title,Company,Location,Job Type,Job Description,External URL,Note
Applied,Entry Level Data Scientist/Analyst/Java full stack developer,Synergistic it,"Atlanta, GA, US",PPC,"<p><strong> Career Gap? Outdated Tech stack? No Interviews? Let’s Get you Hired with a Process </strong></p><p/><p> Many job seekers assume their skills have expired simply because they’ve been out of the workforce or recently laid off. But the truth is, your foundation is still valuable — it just needs sharpening. Despite layoffs and market shifts, the tech industry still needs skilled developers. The challenge is proving you’re ready to contribute. Rejections can be discouraging, but they don’t reflect your true potential — they reflect your preparation. </p><p> Re‑entering the tech industry can feel overwhelming, especially after a layoff or career gap. But you don’t have to do it alone. SynergisticIT gives you a fast, structured path back into the field. </p><p> If you’ve been unemployed for 3–6+ months—or longer—you’ve probably seen how quickly the market can change. A career gap or an outdated tech stack can reduce callbacks, even when you have talent. Recruiters may assume your skills are outdated or your confidence is lower. But gaps don’t define ability. They simply require a strategy: refresh your stack, rebuild proof of work, and re-enter with structure. </p><p> Since <strong> 2010 </strong> , SynergisticIT has helped candidates return to the workforce and land full-time jobs at major employers—companies like <strong> Google, Apple, PayPal, Visa, Western Union, Wells Fargo, Intel, Citi, JPMC, Walmart Labs, Deloitte </strong> , and more—often with offers between <strong> $90,000 and $154,000 </strong> depending on role and expertise. </p><p><strong> Why gaps hurt—and how to neutralize them </strong><br/>Employers worry about currency: are your tools current? Can you still perform? The solution is demonstrating recent, relevant work: projects, certifications, and interview readiness. JOPP helps you rebuild that proof and confidence systematically. </p><p><strong> Current role demand (expressed with variety) </strong><br/>SynergisticIT commonly supports hiring pipelines for roles such as <strong> junior software programmer </strong> , <strong> Java full stack engineer </strong> , <strong> Python/Java developer </strong> , <strong> DevOps/cloud engineer </strong> , plus data-track roles like <strong> data analyst </strong> , <strong> BI analyst </strong> , <strong> data engineer </strong> , <strong> data scientist </strong> , and <strong> ML/AI engineer </strong> . The focus areas remain: <strong> Java / Full Stack / DevOps </strong> and <strong> Data Analytics / Data Engineering / Data Science / ML/AI </strong> . </p><p><strong> Please read our blogs </strong></p><p><strong></strong></p><p/><div><a href=""https://www.synergisticit.com/tech-companies-not-hire-computer-science-graduates/"" rel=""nofollow""><strong> Why do Tech Companies not Hire recent Computer Science Graduates | SynergisticIT </strong></a></div><p/><p/><div><a href=""https://www.synergisticit.com/what-recruiters-look-for-in-junior-developers/"" rel=""nofollow""><strong> What Recruiters Look for in Junior Developers | SynergisticIT </strong></a></div><u></u><p/><p/><div><a href=""https://www.synergisticit.com/software-engineering-vs-data-science-career-guide/"" rel=""nofollow""><strong> Software engineering or Data Science as a career? </strong></a></div><u></u><p/><p/><div><a href=""https://www.synergisticit.com/how-can-opt-students-get-hired/"" rel=""nofollow""><strong> How OPT Students Can Land Tech Jobs – SynergisticIT </strong></a></div><u></u><p/><p/><p><strong> Why programs don’t fix gaps </strong><br/>Many candidates with gaps try “one more course,” but that rarely changes outcomes. </p><p/><p><strong> Ideal candidates for gap-to-offer support </strong></p><ul><li> Professionals returning after layoffs or personal reasons </li><li> Candidates with limited recent experience but strong potential </li><li> Recent grads who never launched properly </li><li> International candidates on F1/OPT with timeline pressure </li></ul><p> SynergisticIT provides guidance around <strong> STEM extension </strong> and process support for <strong> H-1B/Green Card filing </strong> once employed (as applicable through employers). </p><p> Want to see credibility and event participation? <br/>If you want to explore here are the key links: </p><ul><li><div><a href=""https://fast.wistia.com/embed/channel/k4mlq69ekl"" rel=""nofollow""><strong> Event videos (OCW, JavaOne, Gartner): </strong></a></div></li><li><div><a href=""https://www.usatoday.com/story/special/contributor-content/2023/08/08/how-synergisticit-is-changing-how-tech-companies-source-talent/70550058007/"" rel=""nofollow""><strong> USA Today feature </strong></a></div></li><li> Discover JOPP: <div><a href=""https://www.synergisticit.com/job-placement-program/"" rel=""nofollow""> Job Placement Program </a></div></li><li><strong> Contact Us </strong><div><a href=""https://www.synergisticit.com/contact-us/"" rel=""nofollow""> https://www.synergisticit.com/contact-us/ </a></div></li></ul><p/><p/><p> A gap isn’t the end of your career. It’s a chapter—and you can write the next one strategically. </p><p><strong><em> Please note: Resume databases are shared with clients and interested clients will reach out directly if they find a qualified candidate for their req. </em></strong></p><p><strong><em><u> Resume submissions may be shared with our JOPP team database also. Please unsubscribe if contacted or if you don’t want to be contacted please don’t submit your resume. </u></em></strong></p><ul><li>Work with java based application</li><li>Perform application development for custom applications</li><li>Designing and developing for enterprise class application using java technologies</li><li>Enhancing existing java web applications</li><li>Integrate application business layer with external application components</li><li>Provide production support web applications</li><li>Implement innovative web/software development technologies</li><li>Using a variety of java based technologies</li><li>Augment the application development team</li><li>Manage the application development team</li><li>Develop mobile applications and application interfaces</li><li>Do analysis, design and hands on java development</li><li>Develop software applications in client/server environment and/or web deployed applications</li><li>Understand application requirements and develop software solutions</li><li>Conduct testing on other developer's code</li><li>Supporting an enterprise business application</li><li>Develop web services components for cross-application solutions</li><li>Implement complex web and database applications</li><li>Develop and maintain web applications using C, (WPF, MVC, WCF, ASP)</li><li>Develop components of multitier web application</li></ul>",https://www.monster.com/job-openings/entry-level-data-scientist-analyst-java-full-stack-developer-atlanta-ga--2c4ac75a-aeb9-4106-86db-bc49126af6f3,
Applied,"ArcGIS Developer - Atlanta, GA",Digital Technology Solutions,"Atlanta, GA, US",JPW,"<p><strong>DTS is looking for ArcGIS Developer for our direct client Position in Atlanta, GA</strong></p><p> </p><p style=""font-weight:400""><strong><u>Job Summary:</u></strong></p><p style=""font-weight:400"">Client is seeking a technical GIS developer for configuring and developing custom Esri ArcGIS Enterprise 11x, 12x (ArcGIS Maps SDK, Experience Builder, ArcGIS Portal/Online/Hub, Field Maps) applications. Applications are deployed within SharePoint web sites. Custom GIS solutions will be integrated within .NET based applications, GDOT databases (Oracle/Oracle Exadata, SQL Server), data warehouse (Oracle Exadata), and enterprise reporting (Oracle Business Intelligence Enterprise Edition (OBIEE), Data Visualizer, or Power BI). The candidate will have application programming/development, implementation, and support experience.</p><ul style=""font-weight:400""><li>Under broad supervision, designs, codes, tests, modifies and debugs computer software and applications. Researches and analyzes program or systems problems, provides resolutions, and completes documentation. Translates business requirements into development activities in secure, commented, and maintainable code.</li><li>Candidate will be working in the Enterprise GIS Team of IT Applications. Candidates will work with supporting IT team members (database, network, server, etc.) and interacting with management, architects, developers, and business units. The candidate will follow internal SLDC, standards, and accepted best practices for developed solutions.</li><li>The Enterprise GIS team is composed of a support analyst, 2 ArcGIS developers, 2 System Administrators, a data manager, and team leader. The team supports over 180 ArcGIS Desktop users and approximately 60,000 annual ArcGIS Server web visits. Applications support GIS portal, feature mapping, project planning, emergency operations, permitting, safety, and traffic records.</li><li>The team develops enterprise GIS services, applications, and databases. The team coordinates with client, server, network, and database/data warehouse personnel to support and develop the underlying IT solutions.</li></ul><p style=""font-weight:400""><strong><u>Responsibilities:</u></strong></p><ul style=""font-weight:400""><li>Designs and develops customized web applications, webservices, mobile, and enterprise solutions</li><li>Designs and develops geoprocessing and GIS web services</li><li>Designs and develops GIS web editing/mapping applications</li><li>Conducts performance, unit, system, integration, and quality assurance testing of applications</li><li>Maintains existing applications/services</li><li>Upgrades and migrates existing applications/services to current version/systems architecture </li><li>Implements controls to protect system/data security</li><li>Documents GIS solutions and provides required documentation/artifacts</li><li>Works closely with other developers and architects</li><li>Collaborates on IT Project teams, estimates work effort and completes tasks on-time as per agreed project schedule(s)</li><li>Addresses critical or complex GIS support issues/problems</li><li>Engages vendor/IT staff in complex troubleshooting or system correction</li><li>Automates data processing via ETL scripts</li><li>Ensures alignment with standards/guidelines, provides technical guidance/strategy, and mentors GIS staff</li></ul><p style=""font-weight:400""><strong><u>Work Terms and Conditions:</u></strong><br/><br/></p><ul style=""font-weight:400""><li>8 Hour workdays on a fixed schedule (i.e. not a flex-schedule), starting no earlier than 7:00AM Eastern Time, starting no later than 9:00AM Eastern Time, Monday - Friday, 40 hours per week</li><li>GDOT has NOT specified a number of days onsite vs remote. However, local candidates (i.e. able to come in office) will be preferred over an out of state candidates (i.e. remote worker). GDOT prefers candidates who can demonstrate they have the capability to work a hybrid work schedule which is a combination of remote and in-office work. Candidate capacity (i.e. days they could come into the office) to work a hybrid work schedule will be discussed during interviews.</li></ul><ul style=""font-weight:400""><li>The consultant will follow all applicable State of Georgia and GDOT policies, procedures, standards, guidelines, and accepted best practices.</li><li>The position end date is set for the end of the GDOT Fiscal Year. GDOT may exercise the option to renew contracts in one-year increments. Several successful consultants have continued working for several years with contract extensions. However, GDOT is under no obligation to extend contracts and may terminate employment at any time.</li><li>When teleworking or working remotely, consultant must have suitable internet connection and environment to comply with GDOT telework policies.</li><li>GDOT will reimburse authorized travel expense lodging and meals. GDOT will reimburse authorized travel use of a personal vehicle. Any travel expenses to start work or relocate to Georgia or will not be reimbursed. All travel expense reimbursement shall be in accordance with State Accounting Office Travel </li><li>The Department has 13 holidays, which consultants are not allowed to work nor make up any time for those holiday weeks without management's approval. Consultants are not to take extended leave during their first year of service (e.g. greater than 1week).</li><li>Consultant must have cell phone which can be used for business calls.</li><li>GDOT does not provide free parking. All routine commuting expenses are the responsibility of the consultant.</li></ul><ul><li style=""font-weight:400""><strong><br/>Required / Desired Skills</strong></li></ul><table style=""font-weight:400""><thead><tr><td><p> </p></td><td><p>Skill</p></td><td><p>Required / Desired</p></td><td><p>Amount</p></td><td colspan=""2""><p>of Experience</p></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td colspan=""2""><p>Programming/application development experience</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p>4</p></td><td><p>Years</p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td> </td><td> </td><td> </td><td> </td><td> </td><td> </td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>PL/SQL, SQL</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p>4</p></td><td><p>Years</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Python Scripting or ArcPy</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p>4</p></td><td><p>Years</p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Esri ArcGIS Server services and GeoProcessing services development</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p>3</p></td><td><p>Years</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>ArcGIS Online, ArcGIS Enterprise Server (i.e. Portal for Organizations), or Hub/Community experience as Administrator</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p>3</p></td><td><p>Years</p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Esri Web/Experience Builder, Arcade</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p>3</p></td><td><p>Years</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Desktop GIS (ArcGIS Pro, ArcMap)</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p>2</p></td><td><p>Years</p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Experience with modern web technologies including HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript (ES6+), Git, and frameworks such as Angular or React, etc.</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Bachelor’s in geography, GIS, computer science, or a related field</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Ability to clearly communicate technical ideas, whether to other technical peers or non-technical project managers or customers</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Excellent communication, collaboration, and teamwork skills</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Ability to isolate/solve any number of problems from code bugs to database connectivity to application server or operating system failures</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Knowledge of geospatial and mapping concepts such as spatial analysis, map projections, etc.</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Knowledge of IT security concepts and implementation patterns within Esri technology</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Experience with ArcGIS Apps - Field Maps, Navigator, Survey 123, Operations Dashboard, etc.</p></td><td><p>Required</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Esri Javascript SDK (must be capable of developing widgets and not just using Experience Builder)</p></td><td><p>Highly desired</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Esri Geoevent Server/Velocity, Roads and Highways, and/or Image Server Experience</p></td><td><p>Highly desired</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>Geodatabase Administration experience with multi-user versioned environment</p></td><td><p>Highly desired</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Experience with Esri Roads and Highways, Dynamic segmentation and linear referencing systems/methods, transportation data models</p></td><td><p>Highly desired</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>URISA GISP or Esri Developer/Enterprise Certification</p></td><td><p>Highly desired</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Experience with SafeSoftware Feature Manipulation Engine (FME)</p></td><td><p>Highly desired</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr></tbody></table><table style=""font-weight:400""><tbody><tr><td><p>ArcGIS Pro add-in Development experience</p></td><td><p>Highly desired</p></td><td><p> </p></td><td><p> </p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Experience with current technology implementation patterns including service-oriented and cloud</p></td><td><p>Desired</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p> </p><p><strong>DTS offers excellent compensation package.</strong></p><p> </p><p><strong>Contact </strong></p><p><strong>Kapil Sharma<br/></strong><strong>Team Lead<br/></strong><strong>Digital Technology Solutions<br/>248-438-8214<br/></strong></p><div><p><strong> </strong></p></div>",https://www.monster.com/job-openings/arcgis-developer-atlanta-ga-atlanta-ga--544f2b2f-66f4-46f8-b4f1-bf01a7c9db97,
Applied,Customer Excellence Sr Analyst,Axelon,"Sandy Springs, GA, US",PPC,"<strong>Customer Experience Sr. Analyst<br/> Sandy Springs, GA- HYBRID<br/> 12 Months<br/> Pay: $25 per hour</strong><br/><br/> The interview will focus on your experience with customer experience analytics, Voice of Customer (VOC) insights, Power BI reporting, and your approach to translating customer sentiment into actionable recommendations. Youll also have the opportunity to discuss how youve partnered with crossfunctional teams to drive customercentric improvements.<br/><br/> The conversation will last approximately 45 minutes and will be conducted virtually<br/><br/><strong>Job Overview</strong><br/> The Customer Experience Sr. Analyst supports the Client Customer Care Center by analyzing customer sentiment, CSAT scores, and Voice-of-Customer (VOC) feedback to identify trends and improvement opportunities across Customer Care Center operations. This role turns raw customer data into clear, actionable insights that guide cross-functional decisions and help elevate the overall customer experience.<br/><br/> The Sr. Analyst acts as a key insights partner producing thoughtful analysis, compelling storytelling, and proactive recommendations that enhance both strategic planning and day-to-day operations.<br/><br/> Overall Deliverables<br/> This content should not be construed as an exhaustive list of responsibilities or requirements. Employees may be required to perform other job-related responsibilities to help the department achieve its goals.<br/><br/><strong>Responsibilities</strong><br/><br/><strong>Customer Experience Insights & Analysis:</strong><br/> Analyze CSAT, NPS, and customer sentiment data across Roadside and CCC operations.<br/> Conduct text analytics, tagging, and VOC theme identification to surface customer pain points and service opportunities.<br/> Perform deep-dive assessments comparing Roadside vs. CCC experience drivers.<br/> Identify journey bottlenecks and operational friction points impacting customer satisfaction.<br/> Monitor trends in closed-loop feedback to highlight systemic issues or areas requiring stakeholder alignment.<br/><br/> Reporting & Executive Communication:<br/> Develop weekly and monthly insights dashboards and summary reports in Power BI.<br/> Build executive-ready narratives that connect customer sentiment to operational behavior.<br/> Present insights to leadership in clear, concise, and visually compelling formats.<br/><br/><strong>Cross-Functional Partnership:</strong><br/> The Sr. Analyst will identify and share relevant customer insights with:<br/> Parts<br/> Engineering Services<br/> After-Sales Business Development (ASBD)<br/> This includes<br/> Highlighting product, parts, or engineering-related dissatisfaction themes.<br/> Supporting root cause analysis beyond CCC operations.<br/> Flagging recurring systemic breakdowns affecting service and retention.<br/><br/><strong>Tools & Platforms:</strong><br/> Use Power BI, Medallia, Genesys, Copilot, Salesforce, and internal MBUSA systems to gather, analyze, and visualize data.<br/> Maintain data accuracy and integrity across reporting sources.<br/> Support forecasting, predictive trending, or ad-hoc analysis based on business needs.<br/><br/><strong>Qualifications Required</strong><br/> Bachelors degree in Business, Analytics, Communications, Psychology, or equivalent experience.<br/> 24 years of experience in customer experience analytics, business analysis, call-center insights, or a related field.<br/> Proficiency in Power BI, Microsoft Copilot & AI-enabled tools<br/> Experience with Medallia, Salesforce, or similar CX platforms.<br/> Strong analytical abilities with an ability to simplify complexity.<br/> Excellent written and verbal communication skills.<br/> Strong organizational skills and ability to prioritize in a fast-paced environment.<br/> Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively and influence cross-functional partners.<br/> Preferred<br/> Experience in automotive, luxury, or high-expectation customer service environments.<br/> Familiarity with predictive analytics or VOC methodology.<br/> Experience with call center operations or roadside assistance operations.<br/> Knowledge of journey mapping or service design principles.<br/><br/><strong>Competencies</strong><br/> Customer-centric mindset<br/> Analytical and detail-oriented<br/> Insight storytelling & executive communication<br/> Collaborative partnership<br/> Continuous improvement focus<br/> Strong data literacy",https://www.monster.com/job-openings/customer-excellence-sr-analyst-sandy-springs-ga--6330681c-5632-44ec-8d34-4fab9f60a7e2,
Applied,Marketing Analyst II,TPI Global Solutions,"Atlanta, GA, US",PPC,"<p><strong>Job Title: Marketing Analyst</strong><br/><strong>Location: Atlanta, GA (Hybrid)</strong><br/><strong>Duration: 6+ Months Contract with possible extension</strong><br/> <br/><strong>About the Role</strong><br/>We are looking for an experienced professional to support global marketing and communications teams through social listening, consumer insights, and digital intelligence capabilities. The role will help drive data-informed decision making, strengthen crisis and issue management communications, and enhance consumer engagement strategies across multiple international markets.<br/> <br/><strong>Key Responsibilities</strong></p><ul><li>Support the development and operations of consumer data acquisition and social listening programs. </li><li>Monitor and analyze social and digital conversations to generate actionable insights for stakeholders. </li><li>Partner with regional communications and marketing teams to support crisis and issue management activities. </li><li>Assist in transforming social listening and publishing capabilities into a strategic business advantage. </li><li>Help define and improve reporting metrics, dashboards, and insight frameworks for marketing teams. </li><li>Collaborate with cross-functional and global teams across different geographies and cultures. </li><li>Identify trends, opportunities, and innovative ideas that support marketing and consumer engagement strategies. </li><li>Manage external vendors and ensure service quality and compliance with organizational standards. </li><li>Act as an advocate for consumer-centric, data-driven decision making. </li></ul> <br/><strong>Required Skills & Qualifications</strong><ul><li>6–8 years of relevant experience in social listening, digital analytics, consumer insights, marketing operations, or related fields. </li><li>Hands-on experience with social listening and analytics platforms such as Sprinklr, NetBase, Talkwalker, or similar tools. </li><li>Strong ability to interpret unstructured data and convert findings into business insights. </li><li>Experience working in cross-functional and global environments. </li><li>Understanding of regional and cultural market differences impacting marketing and communications strategies. </li><li>Strong stakeholder management and communication skills. </li><li>Experience in vendor coordination and performance management. </li><li>Strategic thinking combined with operational execution capability. </li></ul> <br/><strong>Preferred Qualifications</strong><ul><li>Experience in global or regional roles across multiple markets. </li><li>Exposure to marketing innovation, digital transformation, or consumer engagement programs. </li><li>Bachelor’s degree preferred; MBA or advanced degree is a plus. </li></ul> <br/><strong>Key Competencies</strong><ul><li>Analytical mindset </li><li>Strategic thinking </li><li>Collaboration & stakeholder management </li><li>Agility and adaptability </li><li>Consumer-centric approach </li><li>Strong communication and presentation skills</li></ul>",https://www.monster.com/job-openings/marketing-analyst-ii-atlanta-ga--ccb6220e-5d98-4d9f-92fb-c82588a60640,
Applied,Data Analyst / BI Analyst,Skillects,"Atlanta, GA, US",JPW,<p><strong>Job Overview: W2 Contract </strong><br/>We are seeking a Data Analyst to transform data into actionable insights that support business decision-making.</p>,https://www.monster.com/job-openings/data-analyst-bi-analyst-atlanta-ga--043da394-1f28-4cbf-a2c3-715fd516aa16,
In Progress,IT Business Analyst,Novelis North America HQ,"Atlanta, GA, US",OTHER,"Position Overview:
<p style=""margin:0px"">Novelis is one of the world leaders in aluminum recycling and rolling and a leading sustainable aluminum solutions provider. Driven by our purpose of shaping a sustainable world together, we work alongside our customers to provide innovative solutions to the aerospace, automotive, beverage packaging and specialty markets. Headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia, Novelis has approximately 13,000 employees in 32 operating facilities on 4 continents.</p>

Responsibilities & Qualifications:
<p style=""margin:0px"">The Business Analyst (BA) is a key liaison between business partners and IT teams. This role is responsible for understanding processes and translating business needs into clear, actionable functional and technical requirements that enable effective, secure, and scalable IT solutions across plant and enterprise environments. The role supports the full demand-to-delivery lifecycle including demand intake, requirements elicitation, solution shaping, small to medium project execution, prioritization support, and alignment to established IT governance, architecture, and cybersecurity standards.</p><h2>Responsibilities:</h2><h2>Requirements Gathering & Analysis</h2><ul><li>Be responsible for the Total Cost of Ownership (TCO) for assigned applications.</li><li>Ensure applications are maintained, upgraded, and retired in alignment with business needs and technology standards.</li><li>Maintain design documentation and ensure alignment to enterprise architecture.</li><li>Collaborate with business partners to elicit, document, and validate business requirements.</li><li>Lead structured requirements elicitation through workshops, interviews, observations, and document reviews.</li><li>Translate business needs into clear, complete, and testable functional requirements, user stories, process flows and technical flows ensuring integration across systems and applications, with appropriate acceptance criteria.</li><li>Support feasibility assessments and give to case development.</li><li>Collaborates with respective delivery functions and IT partners to deliver IT solutions according to technology standards.</li><li>Document data mappings between source systems, transformation rules, and target outputs.</li><li>Partner with data engineers, architects, and analytics teams to align business requirements with data models, pipelines, and platform constraints.</li><li>Help define targets, metrics, and business rules so reporting and analytics are consistent and trusted.</li></ul><h2>Project Lifecycle Support (including enhancements)</h2><ul><li>Participate in demand intake, scope definition, and prioritization routines.</li><li>Work closely with IT Solution Partners, Architects, and Project Managers to ensure successful delivery.</li><li>Support testing, training, and organizational change activities.</li><li>Potential Involvement in configuration, integration, testing, UAT, launch readiness, post-go-live stabilization, and cross-system integration testing.</li></ul><ul><li>May coordinate small projects and enhancements from intake through implementation under defined governance</li></ul><h2>Governance & Documentation</h2><ul><li>Ensure compliance with PMO governance processes and documentation standards.</li><li>Maintain traceability of requirements through the project lifecycle.</li><li>Give to benefits realization and post-implementation reviews.</li></ul><h2>Partner Engagement</h2><ul><li>Act as a liaison between business and technical teams to ensure mutual understanding.</li><li>Facilitate workshops, interviews, and working sessions to gather insights and feedback.</li><li>Support communication and alignment across global and regional teams.</li></ul><h2>Minimum Qualifications:</h2><ul><li>Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Information Systems, or related field.</li><li>6+ years of experience as a Business Analyst in IT or business transformation projects.</li><li>Solid understanding of IT governance, project management, and enterprise systems.</li><li>Proficiency in tools such as ServiceNow, Accolade, Power BI, and Microsoft Office Suite.</li><li>Excellent analytical, communication, and partner management skills.</li></ul><p style=""margin:0px"">Please note that we are unable to provide visa sponsorship for this position. Candidates must be legally authorized to work in the United States without the need for current or future sponsorship</p><h2>What We Offer:</h2><p style=""margin:0px"">Novelis' benefits say a lot about how we care for each other. Our employees and their families have many different needs. As a result, our benefits offer choices on many levels and are high in quality, driven by the marketplace, and affordable. In addition to core benefits, we provide these unique to the industry benefits:</p><ul><li>Family Growth Programs: Paid parental Leave, Adoption Assistance, Fertility Treatment, Childcare Discount and Nursing Mom Support</li><li>Employee Assistance Programs: free resources available 24/7 to you and your family in the areas of mental health, family life, and career and financial guidance</li><li>Wellness Programs: incentives for wellness activities, wellness spending account, programs for building healthy habits, virtual physical therapy for joint, back, and pelvic health, health management programs and more.</li><li>Diabetes Management Program</li><li>Pet insurance</li><li>Identity Theft Protection</li><li>PerkSpot Discount Program</li><li>Tuition assistance and career development programs!</li></ul><p style=""margin:0px"">#LI- AC1</p><p style=""margin:0px"">#LI- Hybrid</p>

Location Profile:
<p style=""margin:0px"">Novelis’ Global Corporate Headquarters is located in the Buckhead neighborhood of Atlanta Georgia and employs approximately 250 people. It is co-located with Novelis’ North America regional office which employs approximately 225 people. Supporting its 24 operations worldwide Novelis’ corporate office is home to the executive leadership team and global functions that support the automotive beverage can and high-end specialties value streams. The City of Atlanta provides a diverse and family-friendly place to live with countless museums cultural organizations and educational institutions including the Georgia Aquarium Woodruff Arts Center CNN Center Georgia Tech and Mercedes-Benz Stadium. In the Atlanta area Novelis has strong community partnerships with Atlanta Habitat for Humanity GeorgiaFIRST and Agape Youth and Family Center in addition to many local museums and community groups.</p><p style=""margin:0px""> </p><p style=""margin:0px"">Novelis recognizes its talented and diverse workforce as a key competitive advantage. Novelis provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants. All terms and conditions of employment at Novelis including recruiting hiring placement promotion termination layoffs recalls transfers leaves of absence compensation and training are without regard to race color religion age sex national origin disability status genetics protected veteran status sexual orientation gender identity or expression or any other characteristic protected by federal provincial or local laws.</p>

Disclaimer:
<p style=""margin:0px"">We encourage all potential candidates to follow the protocols below and to be diligent when sharing any personal information:<br/>1. Check the job posting is live and valid via our careers page: <a href=""https://www.novelis.com/careers/"" rel=""noopener nofollow noreferrer"" target=""_blank"">Careers - Novelis</a><br/>2. Verify any communication with us by contacting our talent team at <p>interviews@novelis.com</p></p>",https://www.monster.com/job-openings/it-business-analyst-atlanta-ga--b0146b8b-9ebb-40b7-8f2c-95d55bff5f93,
Applied,"Business Analyst (Procurement Operations) - Atlanta, GA",Digital Technology Solutions,"Atlanta, GA, US",JPW,"<p><strong>DTS is looking for experienced Business Analyst (Procurement Operations) 
